Okay, so I started the recording. We're
going to get uh our meeting started. So
I'm calling the to order the town of
Andover Board of Selectmen special
meeting for Wednesday, October 29th,
2025.
We are getting started at 12:08. Um our
first order of business is the pledge of
allegiance. I pledge allegiance to the
flag of the United States of America and
to the republic for which it stands, one
nation under God, indivisible, with
liberty and justice.
>> Okay. Uh first item of the second item
on the agenda is public speak. Kimberly
Person.
>> Nothing right now. Thank you.
>> Okay. Uh item three, discussion and
action on appointment of temporary town
administrator. Um, on Monday we had a uh
a meeting where we met with Jim Bolano.
Um,
is there any discussion that we want to
deal with before I make a motion?
No. Uh, I make a motion that we appoint
Jim Bolano as the uh, temporary town
administrator for
uh, and we'll just go for a period not
to exceed 4 months
at the current salary for the town
administrator, which I believe is
$100,500.
>> Jeeoff, I would like to amend that. I
think six months would be a more
appropriate timeline.
>> I was gonna say that, Jeff, and I'm okay
with that.
>> Well, no, no, no. Listen, listen. I was
>> Why I say that is because, you know,
we've got Thanksgiving coming up. We've
got the holidays, and honestly, I don't
think by the time we get a committee
together with people available, we're
probably looking January.
So, that would get us till, you know,
April.
If we do four months, that's only going
to get to the end of February. So, it'
be a tight timeline.
>> Okay. Um I
>> I'm just I'm just saying because it's
going to be a availability and stuff
during the holidays. I don't know if
we're going to be able to get a whole
hiring committee together.
>> I I I have no problem. I have
>> Does anybody Does anybody else have any
problems with that?
>> Okay. So just as a point, most town
manager and town administrator contracts
these days have between a two and four
month uh notification requirement. So
you can anticipate when you sign a
contract with somebody, you're still
going to be two to four months out from
their start. Um and that's going to
depend on whether they have to move or
not.
>> Okay? But for this initial things, we
can say six months and then if we have
to extend, we extend. But I was just I
knew at our discussion we talked about
putting a timeline on it and I was just
trying to be considerate of the
timeline. So if everybody else is good
with six months, I am good with six
months.
>> I'm good with it.
>> All right. So, um, I'll make a motion
that we appoint Jim Bolano as the the,
uh, temporary town manager for a period
of 6 months at the current uh, town
administrator salary of $100,500.
>> And just to clarify, Jeff, this is
without benefits and
>> without benefits. Yep.
>> And Murf and Murf contributions,
>> correct? Okay.
All
right. Who's seconding that?
>> It creme has seconded it. Okay. Further
discussion.
>> All those in favor? Uh um Oh, wait. I
got to do it differently. I'm sorry.
Sorry. Any
>> I.
>> Carol Lee.
>> Yes.
>> Hi.
>> Jeff Murray.
>> Scott Person.
>> Hi.
>> Jeff Magcguire. I So five nothing. Okay.
Um,
uh, item four is executive session
discussion concerning performance of
public officers.
>> Before we go into that, can I just ask
the board one question related to the
first item?
>> Sure. Um, and that is, do you want a
request for proposal or development for
scope of services
for a company to assist with the search
process or do you as a board plan on
going it alone and just following the
charter definition?
>> I I I would like you to do that. Uh, we
are going to sit there and evaluate
different options. One other thing that
I would like you to do is uh if we do go
it alone, can you sit there and put
together um as to the other items that I
asked you to sit there and do on Monday?
Um can you sit there and put together um
a job description for the position,
Eric, and assist us so that when we do
if if and when we post it, we can have
an appropriate document to sit there and
get out there to the potential
candidates.
>> I can do that. So, what I asked you for
was get us the information for the
different groups that you have been, you
know, that we can sit there and go out
and and ask because what we'll want to
do for the board is come back and say,
well, this is the overall cost. But in
the meantime, we'll probably want to sit
there and get started and let people
know that there is a position out there
and uh sit there and see what might come
back to us.
Anybody else on the board have any other
issues related to that?
Okay.
All right. Uh if that's not So item four
is um executive session discussion
concerning performance of public
officers. Um this is a discussion
regarding my performance and as such I
would personally rather it not be in
public. So I want it to be in private.
Anybody have an issue with that?
Okay. So I make a motion that we go into
executive session to discuss uh
performance uh issues concerning
performance of public officers.
>> This is just board of selectman only.
Correct.
>> Just the board of selectman. Anybody
else?
>> Okay.
>> Who's second? Carol Lee is seconding
that. Um Ann Kerme.
>> Hi.
>> Uh Caroli.
>> Jeff Murray. Hi.
>> Scott Person. Hi.
Jeff Magcguire. I uh Kimberly, I'm going
to put you into the waiting room unless
you'd like to leave. Um it's up to you.
>> Thank you.
>> Okay.
All right.
Button.
Okay. So, we are coming out of executive
session at 1:11. There is no one in the
waiting room, so I don't have to invite
anybody back in. Um, I make a motion
that we adjourn our meeting.
>> Second.
>> Carol Lee has seconded. All those in
favor? I So, five vote. All right. Thank
you very much. We'll talk to you guys
later. Bye. Bye.